Remove update level (#3917)
wso2/docs-is: en/docs/guides/tenants/customize-automated-mails.md

    !!! note

>    	    If the locale value is not defined for the user, the default locale value will be 'en_US'. To change the default locale value please add the following config to the deployment.toml file.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   	    If the locale value is not defined for the user, the default locale value will be 'en_US'. Add the following configuration to the `deployment.toml` file to update the default locale value.
```
